New python manual (#372)
neo4j/driver-documentation: python-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/result.adoc

    result = tx.run("MATCH (a:Person {name: $name}) RETURN a.name AS name",
                    name=name)
    record = result.single(strict=True)
    summary = result.consume()
    return record, summary

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    record, summary = session.execute_read(
        get_single_person, name="Alice"
    )
    print(record)
----

.Processing result with `fetch` and `peek`.
[source,python]
----
def get_exactly_5_people(tx):
    result = tx.run("MATCH (a:Person) RETURN a.name AS name")
    records = result.fetch(5)

    if len(records) != 5:
        raise Exception(f"Expected exactly 5 records, found only {len(records)}")
    if result.peek():
        raise Exception("Expected exactly 5 records, found more")

    return records

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    records = session.execute_read(get_exactly_5_people)
    print(records)
----

== Transform to pandas DataFrame

The method `.to_df()` converts the result into a pandas DataFrame. This method is only available if the `pandas` library is installed.

.Return a DataFrame with two columns (`n` and `m`) and 10 rows
[source,python]
----
def pandas_df(tx):

>     result = tx.run("UNWIND range(1, 10) AS n RETURN n, n+1 as m")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    result = tx.run("UNWIND range(1, 10) AS n RETURN n, n+1 AS m")
```

Author: Same in API docs.

Reviewer: Thanks for the hint.

= Manipulate query results

> In the xref:query-simple.adoc[basic query workflows] examples, transaction functions never returned a query result directly. Instead, they always _manipulated_ it in some way: either casting it to list, or calling a specific method. This is because the driver's output of a query is a `Result` object, which does not directly contain the result records. Rather, it encapsulates the Cypher result in a rich data structure that requires some parsing within the transaction function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the xref:query-simple.adoc[basic query workflows] examples, transaction functions never returned a query result directly. 
Instead, they always _manipulated_ it in some way: either casting it to list or calling a specific method. 
This is because the driver's output of a query is a `Result` object, which does not directly contain the result records. 
Rather, it encapsulates the Cypher result in a rich data structure that requires some parsing within the transaction function.
```

This section shows how to work with a `Result` object so as to extract data in the form that is most convenient for your application.

[#manipulate-result]
== Manipulate the result

> When running a query, *the result records are not immediately and entirely fetched and returned by the server*. Instead, results come as a _lazy stream_. In particular, when the driver receives some records from the server, they are initially _buffered_ in a background queue. Records stay in the buffer until they are _consumed_ by the application, at which point they are _removed from the buffer_. There is thus no way to retrieve a previous record from the stream, unless manually saved in an auxiliary data structure. When no more records are available, the result is _exhausted_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running a query, *the result records are not immediately and entirely fetched and returned by the server*. 
Instead, results come as a _lazy stream_. 
In particular, when the driver receives some records from the server, they are initially _buffered_ in a background queue. 
Records stay in the buffer until they are _consumed_ by the application, at which point they are _removed from the buffer_. 
There is thus no way to retrieve a previous record from the stream, unless manually saved in an auxiliary data structure. 
When no more records are available, the result is _exhausted_.
```

> It is up to the transaction function to do all the processing. To process a result, you have two main options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is up to the transaction function to do all the processing. 
To process a result, you have two main options:
```

> 1. cast the result object to `list`, which yields a list of link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#neo4j.Record[`Record`] objects. Use the `.data()` method on a `Record` to obtain a dict-like view, or the `.get(key, default=None)` method to retrieve the value for a given key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. cast the result object to `list`, which yields a list of link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#neo4j.Record[`Record`] objects. 
Use the `.data()` method on a `Record` to obtain a dict-like view, or the `.get(key, default=None)` method to retrieve the value for a given key.
```

// give some margin to upcoming code block
{empty} +
{empty} +
+
.Processing result by casting it to list or with list comprehension
[source,python]
----
def match_person_nodes(tx, name_filter):
    result = tx.run("""
        MATCH (p:Person) WHERE p.name STARTS WITH $filter
        RETURN p.name as name ORDER BY name
        """, filter=name_filter)
    return list(result)
    # or: return [record["name"] for record in result]

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    people = session.execute_read(match_person_nodes, "Al")

    for person in people:
        print(person.data())  # or person.get("name")
----

> 2. use any of the of the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#result[`Result`] methods. The ones most commonly needed are listed in the table below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. use any of the of the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#result[`Result`] methods. The ones most commonly needed are listed in the table below.
```
```suggestion
2. use any of the of the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#result[`Result`] methods. 
The ones most commonly needed are listed in the table below.
```
Does this render as expected?

+
.An essential list of `Result` methods.
[cols="2,3"]
|===
|Name |Description

|`value(key=0, default=None)`

> |Return the remainder of the result as a list. If `key` is specified, only the given property will be included, and `default` allows to specify a value for nodes lacking that property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Return the remainder of the result as a list. If `key` is specified, only the given property is included, and `default` allows to specify a value for nodes lacking that property.
```

|`fetch(n)`

> |Return up to `n` records from the result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Return up to `n` records from the result.
```

|`single(strict=False)`

> |Return the next and only remaining record, or `None`. Calling this method always exhausts the result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Return the next and only remaining record, or `None`. 
Calling this method always exhausts the result.
```

If more than one record is available,

- `strict==False` -- a warning is generated and the first of these is returned;
- `strict==True` -- a `ResultNotSingleError` is raised.

|`peek()`

> |Return the next record from the result without consuming it. This leaves the record in the buffer for further processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Return the next record from the result without consuming it. 
This leaves the record in the buffer for further processing.
```

|`data(*keys)`

> |Return a JSON-like dump of the raw result. Only use it for debugging purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Return a JSON-like dump of the raw result. 
Only use it for debugging purposes.
```

|`consume()`

> |Return the query link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#resultsummary[`ResultSummary`]. It exhausts the result, so should only be called when data processing is over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Return the query link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#resultsummary[`ResultSummary`]. 
It exhausts the result, so should only be called when data processing is over.
```

|===
+
See the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#result[API documentation] for a complete list of `Result` methods.

> [WARNING]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
====
```

> A transaction function must not return the `neo4j.Result` itself. Doing so is roughly equivalent to returning a _pointer_ to the result buffer, which gets invalidated as soon as the query's transaction is over.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A transaction function must not return the `neo4j.Result` itself. 
Doing so is roughly equivalent to returning a _pointer_ to the result buffer, which gets invalidated as soon as the query's transaction is over.
====
```

[discrete]
=== Examples

.Processing result with `single` and `consume`.
[source,python]
----
def get_single_person(tx, name):
    """Get a single record (or an exception) and the summary from a result."""

    result = tx.run("MATCH (a:Person {name: $name}) RETURN a.name AS name",
                    name=name)
    record = result.single(strict=True)
    summary = result.consume()
    return record, summary

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    record, summary = session.execute_read(
        get_single_person, name="Alice"
    )
    print(record)
----

.Processing result with `fetch` and `peek`.
[source,python]
----
def get_exactly_5_people(tx):
    result = tx.run("MATCH (a:Person) RETURN a.name AS name")
    records = result.fetch(5)

    if len(records) != 5:
        raise Exception(f"Expected exactly 5 records, found only {len(records)}")
    if result.peek():
        raise Exception("Expected exactly 5 records, found more")

    return records

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    records = session.execute_read(get_exactly_5_people)
    print(records)
----

== Transform to pandas DataFrame

> The method `.to_df()` converts the result into a pandas DataFrame. This method is only available if the `pandas` library is installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The method `.to_df()` converts the result into a pandas DataFrame. 
This method is only available if the `pandas` library is installed.
```

.Return a DataFrame with two columns (`n` and `m`) and 10 rows
[source,python]
----
def pandas_df(tx):
    result = tx.run("UNWIND range(1, 10) AS n RETURN n, n+1 AS m")
    return result.to_df()

with driver.session(database="neo4j") as session:
    df = session.execute_read(pandas_df)
----

This method accepts two optional arguments:

> - `expand` -- If `True`, some data structures in the result will be recursively expanded and flattened. More info in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#neo4j.Result.to_df[API documentation].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `expand` -- If `True`, some data structures in the result are recursively expanded and flattened. 
More info in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/api/python-driver/current/api.html#neo4j.Result.to_df[API documentation].
```

> - `parse_dates` -- If `True`, columns exclusively containing `time.DateTime` objects, `time.Date` objects, or `None`, will be converted to `pandas.Timestamp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `parse_dates` -- If `True`, columns exclusively containing `time.DateTime` objects, `time.Date` objects, or `None`, are converted to `pandas.Timestamp`.
```

== Transform to graph

> The method `.graph()` converts the result into a graph. To make the most out of this method, your query should return a graph-like result instead of a single column. The resulting graph object exposes the properties `nodes` and `relationships`, which are set views into xref:data-types#node[`Node`] and xref:data-types#relationship[`Relationship`] objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The method `.graph()` converts the result into a graph. 
To make the most out of this method, your query should return a graph-like result instead of a single column. 
The resulting graph object exposes the properties `nodes` and `relationships`, which are set views into xref:data-types#node[`Node`] and xref:data-types#relationship[`Relationship`] objects.
```

> You can use the graph format for further processing or to visualize the query result. An example implementation that uses the `pyvis` library to draw the graph is below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the graph format for further processing or to visualize the query result. 
An example implementation that uses the `pyvis` library to draw the graph is below.
```
